# Yarmin Goodbarrel

Image: Yarmin%20Goodbarrel/reesmcd_Adult_halfling_warlock_with_longsword_and_blue_energy_w_0b276fa3-3d2d-43fa-bebf-81c8b4a578e2.png
Affiliation: Nights of Kale (../../Organizations/Nights%20of%20Kale%208db0aae127644d24a7192eb8c7877ffc.md)
Age: 46
Species: Halfling
Current Location: Oliphant Pori (../../Lands/The%20Free%20Cities%20and%20States%20of%20Dandillo/Oliphant%20Pori%2054de36a2b0c449ce9521914defd229cf.md)
Place of Origin: Oliphant Pori (../../Lands/The%20Free%20Cities%20and%20States%20of%20Dandillo/Oliphant%20Pori%2054de36a2b0c449ce9521914defd229cf.md)
Status: Alive
Tags: Player

**Plot Points:**

- Yarmin’s patron wants him to find the Key to the Abyss, use it to reach him, and give it to him.
- Pelor visited Yarmin, saying that his light is now apart of him.
- Yarmin was killed by a Mind Flayer but was revived by Hergud Pebblesword. Hergud gave his life for his and the spirit of Pelor is now within Yarmin.
- Patron reached out to Yarmin, telling him not to trust his friends.
- The patron has formed a pact with Yarmin, asking for his aid when needed and promising him power and the return of his family.

# Summary

Yarmin Goodbarrel, a halfling, lost his family and pub to a mysterious fire. He discovered a cursed blue longsword and journal that led him to the Nine Kingdoms. His patron likely caused the fire, saved his life, and formed a pact with him, warning him not to trust his friends.

# Backstory

Yarmin Goodbarrel owned a pub in a river town in Raza of Oliphant Pori, but it burned down with a mystical blue flame, killing his wife and two children. He found a hidden room in the cellar with a glowing blue longsword and a journal that mentioned the sword's power and dark sway. Yarmin left home seeking answers and is slightly seduced by the sword's powers, but not aligned with his patron. The patron likely caused the fire and saved Yarmin's life, forming a pact and transporting him to the Nine Kingdoms.