# Ander’s Guide to Goblins

Tags: Book

# Description

Goblins are small, relatively weak creatures who present little threat on I their own -which is why they re almost always found in packs, often in numbers so great that they simply overwhelm their enemies. They are vulnerable to being pushed around by bigger or stronger monsters, who see goblins as expendable if untrustworthy minions. Goblins resent working for others, including other goblins, and do the bare minimum required in such situations. This resentment also means that they can't help but gloat on the rare occasions when they do have the upper hand.

Goblins have an affinity for rats, which serve as pets, and wolves, which they train as mounts. They prefer ambushes and hit-and-run attacks over straightforward battle. When alone, they are more likely to run away than challenge a stronger foe— but they can be dangerous when they band together. Goblins fight with scimitars and short bows and wear leather armor stolen from fallen enemies. Even with a leader, their infighting never stops. Almost every goblin believes that they should be in charge, a trait that clever adventurers can use to their advantage.

## Goblin Politics

Lairs are ruled by the strongest or smartest goblin, who must constantly fight to hold their position. Many goblin tribes are ruled by bugbears or hobgoblins, who use their superior strength and size to lord over their smaller cousins. Goblins resent these leaders but find it hard to unify for long enough to overthrow them-and impossible to agree on which goblin should take their place.

## Size

Goblins are about the height of a kitchen table. They are short but stocky, which gives them better balance when moving across rocky or uneven terrain.

# Lair

You'll find goblins in old caves, abandoned mines, derelict dungeons, and other forsaken places. They take advantage of their small size by riddling their lairs with tunnels and boltholes that block the passage of larger enemies. Goblins dislike guard duty and prefer to protect their lairs with traps and alarms.

# Dos & Don’ts

## Dos

Target the leader. Goblins will often run away once their strongest fighter has been defeated.
Stay alert. Goblins favor ambushes and sneak attacks from behind, so beware when traveling through their territories.
Put on a fearsome show. Sometimes all it takes is a magic illusion or a powerful battle cry to send them running.

## Don’ts

Don't rush into battle. Goblin lairs are filled with traps and alarms. Be careful to avoid setting them off.
Don't trust them. A frightened goblin will say almost anything to stay alive, even if that means lying.